Welcome to Escape! My name is Mike and next to me are my team members Jordi, Arnoud, Tim & Xander.
Together we created a stealth game named Escape. It's the year 2116 and aliens from the planet Aleya are
running out of their powers source. They travelled the whole milkyway and found humans as their new power source. 
The game starts in a high-security prison, were those aliens store humans to extract power from them. Due to a
power failure you get one chance to escape from the prison. 

The next thing we want to show is, is what makes our game technically challenging. First we will discuss the
procedural generation in our game. Next our artificial intelligent guards will be discussed and third the second 
screen will be discussed. Finally one of you can play our game.

The procedural genertion of our game. The wall and floor textures are procedural generated. A script was written which
devide a texture in tiles of a given size. These tiles are placed on walls row by row.

The meshes of the floor are also procedural generated. An algorithm creates arrays with vertices, traiangles 
and normals. The arrays are added to an mesh, the algorithm keeps track that those create a plane. In this way
it is simple to create an x by y plane with random selected tiles.

Next the positions of different components are procedurally generated. Some objects can have an x number of 
positions. A random number between 0-1 is created, when this number is in a certain range, the object will be
on let's say position number 2. In this way, everytime the game starts it will be different from the previous 
game. 

The guards can have three different states. A state where it didn't notice you, a state where it has notice you
and a state where it has seen you and here it will try to catch you. When a quard didn't notice you, it will walk
through to room, searching for you. When it notice you on a place it will visit this place more than other places.
This is the intelligent part of the guards. When a guard lost you, it will search for you on the last place were 
it saw you.

The last part is the second screen. We created an android app, which shows all your collectables and your scores. 
It uses push notifications and you can turn your flashlight on and off via the app.